hi this is Bob with Gibbs RV and today
we're looking at a little cherry it's a
23 D Jamboree Class C motorhome 1994
model just over 18,000 miles on this
coach and it is in really good condition
you can see on the sides we don't have
any delamination going on the front no
rock chips tires look to be about 60 70
percent no chips in the windshield
decals pretty good shape the side
however you see a little bit of peeling
on one of the aqua colored ones got the
alloy stimulators III 50 van chassis
it's got a 7.5 it's 460 engine and it
does not exhaust sound that does not go
into the coach that's just the lowering
of the sleeve around the bottom storage
compartment on the site you're at the
big awning over the top tunnel windows
on the front got a trailer hitch in the
back as well three windows on this side
21 hours on say yeah down here
microlight 4000 Onan generator CB radio
and of course the front window let's
take a look inside
most are visa Smith we're not this one
more of a salmon mauve interior see up
front here we've got the overhead
sleeping berths
it's the slider bunk all you do is
basically slide it out near their
mattress falls into place there and to
put it back you just push your word
curtains for all the windows up there as
well there's some wires from the
installation they did on the CB but
actually it looks quite well when you
pull the bunk in and out it doesn't get
in the way here's the - you see like I
mentioned little over 18,000 miles has
an am/fm cassette player air
conditioning in cruise control our
dinette converts into a bed as well see
look at the big window right there this
would be the way to wait to do or pull
up right next to the lake there and
enjoy your lunch
lots of cabinets - they didn't skimp on
storage compartments these are on spring
shocks - you see as well as overhead
cabinets the kitchen more overhead
cabinets in the front and even in the
bedroom the back all cabinetry got a
full sized corner bed here in the back
the kitchen very clean stove see how
clean that is three burner stove oven
underneath microwave over the top
there's the our meter for the generator
21 hours dual basin sink bathroom is in
the corner we've got a shower toilet
with the window here as well as an
overhead power exhaust vent the sink and
vanities on the outside separate from
the bathroom wardrobe storage here and a
Dometic refrigerator/freezer here's a
view from the back looking forward
really good detail here's a motorhomes
gonna last last this was under cupboard
part of the reason it was such good
shape and of course very very low
mileage and very little use you see the
seats
show no wear and tear nothing's been
clipped to or stuck onto then I get a
little piece of tape right there on the
dash but just probably the best thing
for this coach is some use someone to go
out and use it
seat belt build into the bucket chair
here 1894 23 dia shorty
Rainey go camping right here Gibbs RV
one eight hundred eight to four remember
we can trade we finance we can even help
with delivery wherever you might live so
give us a Colin camps located the
cristae Oregon by the famous Oregon Sam